JAKE: We need a name
for the segment.
What is it?
SURMA: Is it the Two-minute
Speech Run Over the Web?
JAKE: Two-minute Speech Run.
That's pretty good,
because I was thinking
of, like, HTTP 203 in Two.
SURMA: [LAUGHS]
JAKE: But it's just too many
numbers then, really, isn't it?
SURMA: I mean, we
could drive it home.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
JAKE: So two minutes.
You're going to
talk about a thing.
And what are you
going to talk about?
SURMA: I'm going to talk
about my recent explorations
with Webpack & Workers.
JAKE: You have two minutes.
Go.
SURMA: Workers.
JAKE: Yes, I'm aware of them.
Still, I think this is a
copy of exactly what we
said in the previous episode.
SURMA: But now imagine
you want to have
module loading in Workers.
JAKE: Well, you can have that.
That's the import function.
SURMA: But it's not available
in Workers anywhere yet.
JAKE: Yet.
SURMA: So for now, you can't.
JAKE: OK.
SURMA: But-- so OK,
cool, let's use something
like Rollup or Webpack,
where you basically
transform the syntax into
just inlining the things
or loading with some
other mechanism.
Workers have input script.
The main thread has script tags.
So we can emulate the behavior.
JAKE: Yes.
SURMA: So I look into Webpack.
And I was trying to
build a little app that
has logic in the Worker
and UI in the main thread.
And had some module that was
shared between the main thread
and the Worker.
JAKE: Ah.
SURMA: Right?
JAKE: And this is something
you can deal with,
because you can have, like
you say, your main page,
just including it as a
script tag or dynamic import.
And your Worker can use
that horrible import script
synchronous function.
But it works.
SURMA: Exactly.
So yeah.
And my thought was, Webpack
should figure this out, right?
Like, it should see,
oh, this is shared code,
let's put this in
a separate file--
JAKE: Using its
commons chunking stuff.
SURMA: So exactly.
JAKE: And it realizes,
oh, here's the common bit.
I'll put that into
a separate file.
Right, problem solved.
SURMA: You would think.
Not quite.
JAKE: Oh, no.
SURMA: So there's a
slight difference.
So because in Webpack
you have entry points.
And these entry points
are assumed that you
take one of them at a time.
But with a Worker, you
actually take an entry point
and the Worker entry
point at the same time.
So there's a
different assumption,
because between entry
points, usually Webpack
doesn't put common
modules in a shared thing.
JAKE: So this is when
you're using Webpack to do
the work and magic for you.
SURMA: Yeah.
JAKE: What if you just
do it separately--
you've got two entry points?
One of them actually works.
SURMA: Well, it doesn't know
that they're shared modules.
JAKE: Oh.
SURMA: Or at least I
haven't figured it out.
So now I have put
in an issue, and I'm
going to discuss with
the Webpack people
how we can support Workers,
because I feel like I want
to make 2018 about Workers.
So we need support
and tooling for that.
JAKE: That was very
good timing, because--
[BEEPING]
SURMA: Ah.
JAKE: Nicely done.
SURMA: It's music to my ears.
It's not as good as the
one we used at Christmas.
If I set that off again, do
you want to just beatbox?
And then we could dub that--
so I'll give you
10, maybe 5 seconds.
Five, four, three, two, one.
[BEEPING]
SURMA: [BEATBOXES]
JAKE: [WHISTLES] That's
just-- that was bad.
[LAUGHTER]